adding contributing.md (#14)
cncf/sig-contributor-strategy: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributor Strategy Special Interest Group Contributing Guide
*this is a bootstrapped document that will update frequently in the next few
months as we lay the groundwork for the operations of the SIG. Now onto the
show...:*

🛬Thanks for landing here! There's a good chance you want to help the
contributor side of the code in one of our working groups, get involved on a
regular basis, or simply be curious, no matter your reason are excited to have
you.

This [SIG] (Special Interest Group) is an extension of the [TOC] that works to
build programs and guidance to help scale and grow open source communities. We
work in two CNCF GitHub repositories:  

> 🆕[cncf/sig-contributor-strategy]  

Reviewer: the link seems to be missing here, as in several other places.

>  our meta docs that cover our governance, how we operate, and resources that we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 contains our meta docs that cover our governance, how we operate, and resources that we
```

 collect along the way.  
🔜[cncf/contribute]  
will house contributing information and guidance that we provide to CNCF
projects for contributor strategy topics. The intention is to grow this as a
resource for all contributors - aspiring, current, and maintainers.  

Our [charter] describes our mission and initial scope of what we’d like to
accomplish. Each of our members are closely involved with at least one CNCF
project; we are here to learn as much as those we serve.

## Ground Rules
We very much welcome everyone on any of our [communication channels] including
through GitHub Issues and Pull Requests (PRs) and ask all contributors to
maintain our welcoming culture. We follow the [CNCF’s code of conduct].

Async communication is our preference because of our global nature but
absolutely value face to face time and meetings when it makes sense. Slack works
well for real time questions and discussion but we will move decisions and key

> tasks to GitHub or the mailing list. Our communication channels are on our
> [README].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tasks to GitHub or the mailing list. See our full list of [communication channels].
```

We don’t sponsor specific company branded documentation and resources as

> official guidance to contributors and/or projects. A resources list[link tbu]

Reviewer 3: > [link tbu]

I think this is the only link missing here @parispittman

Author: that will be dependent on #15

that may link to other sources that are not official, including company branded
information, in the strategy repo, is strictly for our groups planning purposes
only.

## How to Help

**Contributors and/or Maintainers of a CNCF incubated or graduated project:**  
- Be a liaison for your project with our group
  - Why? The ecosystem is very large, if you stay connected, you’ll be closer to
resources and advice.
  - Take back this information to build (or continue to build!) intentional
community and governance spaces and/or roles in your project to do this work at
an operational level
- Join us for a Contributor Strategy AMA on the 4th Thursday meeting of each month

>  at the last :30 minutes as you need. This is your time to ask us general or

Reviewer: Suggestion instead: "on the 4th Thursday every month at 10am Pacific / 1700 UTC".  Any incarnation of "the last 30 min of the meeting" is going to be hard to parse.

Author: I was trying to manage that we will need time to do general sig discussions and triage. what about: "Join us for a Contributor Strategy AMA on the 4th Thursday meeting of each month. We'll do a general SIG update and discussion in the beginning and then the floor is yours to ask us anything....[finish the statement]"

Reviewer: sure, that works

 specific questions that can give you ideas or unblock you. The other meeting
 time we have is devoted to meta SIG and working group planning.
- Give us feedback on where you need help, guidance, requested templates,
recommendations, and more here

> Or you can provide feedback by filing issues against the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Or you can provide feedback by filing issues against the
```

cncf/sig-contributor-strategy repo, send a note to the mailing list, or find a
chair or working group facilitator privately on slack.
- Become a contributor in one of our [working groups]
  - File issues and PRs
  - Project management
- Create workshops, talks, blogs, and papers on related contributor content (or
  reuse the good stuff you have!)
- Create templates and other scalable guidance
- Tell us what WORKS! Sounds like a lot of “what doesn’t work” above but we also
want to know what works well for projects in their contributor and governance
areas. Looking at you graduated projects but we see the incubation project crew
still working on great programs!

> - Be a part of our work in progress maintainers circle! [link to issue]

Reviewer 2: Do you want to link to https://github.com/cncf/sig-contributor-strategy/issues/1 here?

Academics and open source enthusiasts that have completed research (or underway!)
, studied, and/or created programs for other ecosystems, we would love to hear
from you, too! Similar deal as above - watch out for our Issues, come hang out
in slack, or we'll see you at a meeting!

### Tips for filing issues
//TODO add in comments about how to label once we figure that out

### Pull Request Tips - Submitting and Reviewing
- Talk to us via GitHub issue, mailing list, or meeting before you start on major
work. If it’s typos and fixes to docs, please submit. 😀
- Tap one of the chairs or working group facilitators in slack if you haven’t
heard from us in 5 days.
- When making changes to your PR, put them into a new commit (instead of rebasing
  or amending) so that it's easier for reviewers to see just your new changes.
- We will give you an opportunity to clean up your commits before merging or can
squash them for you.
- If a member asks you to "rebase" your PR, they're saying that a lot of docs/code
 has changed, and that you need to update your branch to incorporate the latest

>  changes from master before we can merge you PR. You can use whatever you are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 changes from master before we can merge your PR. You can use whatever you are
```

 comfortable with, either merging master into your branch or rebasing your
 branch on master.
#### Reviewers:
- We leave pull requests open for at least 48 hours, so that others have the

> chance to review/comment except in cases of the following:

Reviewer: Is this where we should have approval workflow?  Or is that a different doc?

Author: here

Reviewer: per discussion on call today, we're gonna spin off the approval workflow into a separate doc

  - The majority of contributors in that working group have already reviewed
  - Something urgent or small operational document change like a meeting time
  - Spelling or grammar fixes

## Your First Contribution to GitHub
Open source communities use many different tools. If this is your first

> experience with GitHub - yay! There are a ton of great resources out there to

Reviewer: given that we're mainly recruiting project leaders from CNCF projects, how likely is "first time" to be a consideration?

Author: project leader isn't a requirement to help us with the sig. also, i'd rather be welcoming than not.

educate on the UI and standard workflows. Everyone has been a beginner at some
point; always feel free to ask for help. You can absolutely use the GitHub UI
vs command line if that works best for your workflow.

https://www.firsttimersonly.com/
//TODO add more resources

[CNCF’s code of conduct]: https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md
[communication channels]: https://github.com/cncf/sig-contributor-strategy/blob/master/README.md#communications
[TOC]: https://www.cncf.io/people/technical-oversight-committee/
[SIG]: https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/master/sigs
[README]: https://github.com/cncf/sig-contributor-strategy/blob/master/README.md
[charter]: https://github.com/cncf/sig-contributor-strategy/blob/master/CHARTER.md

> [working groups]: https://github.com/cncf/sig-contributor-strategy/blob/master/README.md#working-groups

Reviewer 2: For now we use the term subproject in the header, so let's make the link work and fix up in a follow-up PR on any other documents (readme/charter)

```suggestion
[working groups]: https://github.com/cncf/sig-contributor-strategy/blob/master/README.md#subprojects
```

Author: this is more of a cncf question. the sub groups of cncf sigs are using the term working groups and i think our group gets them confused because we say subprojects in k8s. @amye does this matter? can we use subprojects instead of working groups?

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/cncf/toc/blob/master/sigs/cncf-sigs.md#responsibilities--empowerment-of-sigs -- Working groups are preferred, per charter.

> [cncf/contribute]: https://github.com/cncf/sig-contribute

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[cncf/contribute]: https://github.com/cncf/contribute
```
